## Theory
Visual search is a form of perceptual activity that involves attention, which means you have to focus on what you are looking for and disregard what you are not looking for.  Attention can be controlled by numerous elements, such as the objective of the task, the qualities of the stimuli, and the location of the stimuli.<br>
Finding a specific visual stimulus amidst additional visual stimuli (distractors) is a fundamental human action known as visual search. The task at hand is to find a target in a visual search experiment. (A distractor is an item that is not the target and is used to distract you from discovering the target). Basically, sensory, perceptual, and cognitive processes all play a role in visual search.<br>
In the context of visual search, singleton refers to a feature that is unique and different from all other features in the display. For example, if all items in the display are circles except for one square, then the square is a singleton feature. Singleton features can attract attention automatically because they stand out from the rest of the display. This is called the "pop out" effect.  Singleton features can make visual search easier and faster because they reduce the need to scan the whole display.<br>
Conjunctive search refers to searching for an object that has two or more features that must be present together for it to be detected. For example, searching for a red circle among blue circles and red squares. Conjunctive search is more difficult and slower than singleton search because it requires combining information from different feature maps. Conjunctive search also requires more attentional resources because it involves comparing each item in the display with the target.<br>
Visual search tasks are an everyday part of the human experience - ranging from hunting for a specific recipe ingredient in the pantry to monitoring for road hazards, informational signs while driving, looking for a friend in the college crowd, looking for our car in the parking lot, or looking for the specific vegetable in the vegetable aisle at the supermarket. Visual search experiments provide a closer approximation to the actions of attention in the real world.<br>
Visual search is an important topic in psychology and neuroscience because it helps us understand how we perceive and process complex visual scenes. Visual search also has many practical applications in fields such as medicine, security, education, and entertainment.